function: function is a set of the block  which is used to perform a specific task and can be reuesd throughout the program.
function in js is also known as first-class citizens and first class object.  

These are main 3 types:
1. named fn     2. Anonymous fn         3. Arrow fn

Named Fn: Named functions are function declarations that include a name. They are also sometimes referred to as traditional functions or function declarations. Here is an example:

function helloWorld() {
  console.log('Hello World!'); 
}

Named functions are typically used when the same code needs to be executed multiple times throughout a program. They should always be declared before they are used.


It is also known as fn declarations , fn statement and fn definition.


2. Anonymous fn: Anonymous functions are function expressions that do not have a name associated with them. They are also sometimes referred to as lambda functions or function expressions. Here is an example:

let helloWorld = function () { 
  console.log('Hello World!'); 
}
Anonymous functions are typically used when the same code needs to be executed only once or twice throughout a program. They can be assigned to variables or passed as parameters to other functions.

IIFE fn : A JavaScript IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression) is a function that runs at the moment it is invoked or called in the JavaScript event loop.

3. Arrow fn:  Arrow functions are a shorthand syntax for anonymous functions that was introduced in ECMAScript 6 (ES6). They are also sometimes referred to as fat arrow functions or lambda shorthand. Here is an example:

let helloWorld = () =>; { 
  console.log('Hello World!'); 
}
Arrow functions are typically used when writing concise code and when the same code needs to be executed only once or twice throughout a program. They can be assigned to variables or passed as parameters to other functions.



Function hoisting: 
console.log(square(5)); // 25

function square(n) {
  return n * n;
}
the JavaScript interpreter hoists the entire function declaration to the top of the current scope,Function hoisting only works with function declarations — not with function expressions.